# check-providers

## How to use

```
$ pnpm i
$ node check-providers.mjs
```

## YC Startups W22

```
https://www.revivingmind.com Webflow Fastly
https://boya.co WordPress Apache
https://vessel.land Webflow Fastly
https://www.lexter.ai Webflow Fastly
https://www.bananas.id Webflow Fastly
https://ploomber.io Hugo Netlify
https://nullstone.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.spoken.io Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.onyxcard.io Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://livedocs.com CRA ▲ Vercel
https://soon.app Webflow Fastly
https://www.subscriptionflow.com WordPress Nginx
https://gravitl.com Webflow Fastly
https://tradezi.vn CRA Cloudflare Heroku
https://fello.in Next.js Fastly
https://www.pigeonloans.io Next.js Netlify
https://agentnoon.com Webflow Fastly
https://shaped.ai Webflow Fastly
https://pursuitoutside.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://complete.so Webflow Fastly
https://www.usebracket.com Webflow Fastly
https://sievedata.com CRA
https://nftscoring.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://hippo.build Bubble Express Cloudflare
https://massdriver.cloud CRA ▲ Vercel
https://seabound.co ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://www.sendme.ng Next.js Cloudflare
https://jumpwire.ai Svelte Netlify
https://telematica.so Webflow Fastly
https://www.workflow86.com WordPress Apache
https://www.sixwheel.com Squarespace
https://www.wibond.co Angular AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.azuki.co ? Express
https://www.emigre.us Webflow Fastly
https://www.decent.xyz Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.bobidi.com Wix
https://yezza.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.hypahub.com Wix
https://1flow.app Angular Cloudflare
https://www.blitzllama.com Next.js Nginx AWS Elastic Beanstalk
https://www.antwalk.com Next.js Nginx AWS Elastic Beanstalk
https://www.growthbook.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.arc.tech Gatsby Netlify
https://trustyhomes.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://mergent.co Next.js Netlify
https://cogram.com Webflow Fastly
https://fogbender.com CRA Netlify
https://bharatx.tech WordPress AWS CloudFront
https://dioptra.ai WordPress
https://www.8vdx.com ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.realizefi.com Webflow ▲ Vercel
https://www.takt.tech Webflow Fastly
https://getlovage.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.harmoney.in Nuxt.js
https://numida.com Squarespace
https://www.comprarapida.co Webflow Fastly
https://trackingplan.com Webflow Fastly
https://usedeall.com ? AWS CloudFront Cloudflare
https://www.marathon.edu.vn Nuxt.js Cloudflare
https://remedial.health ? Nginx
https://metaplane.dev Webflow Fastly
https://www.bipi.id Wix
https://unsaddl.com Squarespace
https://www.91squarefeet.com WordPress Apache
https://aigis.id Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://rocketpocket.id WordPress Cloudflare
https://www.smarthelio.com WordPress Cloudflare
https://spotdx.com Gatsby Netlify Cloudflare
https://www.cuentamono.com Webflow Fastly
https://mahaana.com CRA
https://www.hydras.io ? Cloudflare
https://www.arpari.com ? Nginx
https://www.cashflowportal.com CRA Cloudflare Heroku
https://www.hyperbeam.dev Webflow Fastly
https://tryforest.com Webflow AWS CloudFront Fastly
https://www.markaz.app Webflow Fastly
https://neo.transfez.com Gatsby Netlify
https://www.joinattain.com Webflow Fastly
https://rosebudbiosciences.com ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://www.stackshine.com Webflow Fastly
https://bonsaidesk.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.oleshop.com Wix
https://ozone.tech CRA Nginx Heroku
https://getlightmeter.com Swipe Pages Express
https://freshfactory.id ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://cypherd.io ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://www.wyvern.space WordPress
https://mintlify.com Webflow Fastly
https://wereno.com WordPress
https://gojom.com ? Nginx
https://www.brandazine.com ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://hubblenetwork.com CRA Cloudflare
https://www.dojah.io CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.armilla.ai WordPress Cloudflare
https://voize.de Webflow Fastly
https://rownd.io Webflow Fastly
https://theankler.com ? Express Heroku
https://www.joe-app.com WordPress Apache
https://medervahealth.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.insuremyteam.com Webflow Fastly
https://gosats.io CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://shopr.tv ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://munily.com Angular Nginx
https://www.contactokapital.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.invertbio.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://instantdomains.com Next.js Google Cloud
https://www.cubeanalytics.com Wix
https://www.goodfin.com Squarespace
https://deliver.10tenminute.xyz ? Nginx
https://www.lifecastvr.com ? Apache
https://re-mint.com WordPress Apache
https://www.onscale.app Webflow Fastly
https://getfuell.com Webflow Fastly
https://harmonicdiscovery.com Wix
https://plover.insure Squarespace
https://itsitchy.com Shopify Cloudflare
https://www.actipulseneuroscience.com ? Apache
https://pina.earth Next.js Netlify
https://valari.co Webflow Fastly
https://axis.xyz Webflow Fastly
https://paycaddy.com WordPress Cloudflare
https://www.tryninjastudy.com ? Nginx
https://www.liquifi.finance Next.js AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.nudgelabs.com WordPress Nginx
https://simplifyd.com ? Netlify
https://vendoo.co Webflow Fastly
https://www.realitydefender.ai Squarespace
https://whitelabgx.com WordPress
https://redbrickai.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://starlingmedical.com WordPress Nginx
https://www.airmyne.com Squarespace
https://driftingin.space Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.cofactr.com Webflow Fastly
https://loops.so Webflow Fastly
https://www.poshrobotics.com Wix
https://www.aisupervision.com Webflow Fastly
https://olympianmotors.com WordPress Cloudflare
https://www.cutr.ai Webflow Fastly
https://www.streakcard.com ? Netlify
https://supersheets.so Gatsby Cloudflare
https://www.rebill.to WordPress Nginx
https://www.vecindario.com CRA Cloudflare
https://www.skillza.co ? Fastly
https://www.simplehash.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://powertothebrand.com Webflow Fastly
https://botcity.dev ?
https://bemlo.co ERROR fetch failed
https://theneo.io Webflow Fastly
https://castled.io Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://kokocares.org Webflow Fastly
https://www.chaosgenius.io ? Nginx
https://www.acasa.com.co Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://myidentitypass.com CRA
https://bunkyr.com ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://uhohlabs.com WordPress Nginx
https://ngrow.ai Webflow Fastly
https://www.earnjarvis.com ERROR fetch failed
https://tuvahealth.com WordPress
https://tahora.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.policyfly.com ERROR fetch failed
https://salt.pe CRA Cloudflare
https://mutable.ai Webflow AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://cndr.io Next.js AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.powerhouseai.co Webflow Fastly
https://finflx.com Webflow Fastly
https://verdn.com Gatsby Netlify
https://www.amiloz.com ? Fastly
https://www.boardcave.com ? Cloudflare
https://karatelabs.io Wix
https://www.creizer.com Squarespace
https://gotrebol.com Bubble Express Cloudflare
https://www.joinfleek.com Shopify Cloudflare
https://firez.one Webflow Fastly
https://www.iotflows.com ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://grey.co Next.js Netlify
https://paycrunch.in CRA ▲ Vercel
https://unlayer.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.uselobby.com Wix
https://www.tybrhealth.com Wix
https://criya.co Webflow Fastly
https://www.tryduplo.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.durioo.com WordPress
https://www.joinalfie.com Webflow Fastly
https://tendo.app ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://www.beyond-aero.com Webflow Fastly
https://withblaze.app Next.js Nginx
https://amalinvest.com Nuxt.js Netlify
https://dimorder.com WordPress
https://snippyly.com Angular Fastly
https://www.zywa.co WordPress Nginx
https://www.rallyuxr.com Webflow Fastly
https://heyfood.africa Next.js
https://www.neuraldynamicstechnologies.com ? Apache
https://www.getatlas.io Nuxt.js Netlify
https://arda.finance Webflow Fastly
https://placid.money ?
https://tokotutor.com ? Netlify
https://segna.io Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.scholarsite.io Webflow Fastly
https://stockunlock.com CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://courtyard.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.cherry.ai Gatsby
https://nestgenomics.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.getzorba.com Next.js Nginx
https://quikpago.com Angular Fastly
https://topship.africa CRA
https://phoenixhydrogen.com Webflow Fastly
https://materialdepot.in CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.strac.io Webflow Fastly
https://impossiblemining.com Squarespace
https://watchargo.com WordPress Apache
https://yodaa.clubin/ ERROR fetch failed
https://www.dropezy.com ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.quanwellbeing.com ? Cloudflare
https://andisearch.com CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.wingback.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.speechly.com Next.js Netlify
https://www.eventualcomputing.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.micromeat.com Wix
https://myeazipay.com ? Netlify
https://perlstreet.com CRA Fastly
https://www.astroforge.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.withtai.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.moni.africa Webflow Fastly
https://campfire.to CRA Nginx
https://www.yhangry.com WordPress Nginx
https://haddock.app Webflow Fastly
https://flightcontrol.dev Webflow Fastly
https://stairsfinancial.com Webflow Netlify
https://mogen.bio ? Nginx
https://www.optery.com WordPress Cloudflare
https://onboard.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.samos.insure Webflow AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://blocknom.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.joinkula.io Webflow Fastly
https://miggos.com WordPress Cloudflare
https://www.alga.bio Squarespace
https://celeri.app ?
https://railbirdexchange.com Next.js
https://www.janani.life Next.js
https://clupp.com.mx WordPress Cloudflare
https://joonapp.io ?
https://saay.ai Webflow Fastly
https://www.poko.fund Squarespace
https://anfin.vn ? Cloudflare
https://www.govista.io CRA Netlify
https://chargerobotics.com ? Netlify
https://rometrucking.com Webflow Fastly
https://snaptrade.com Gatsby Netlify
https://lenco.co CRA Cloudflare
https://vance.tech Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://requestly.io Next.js Cloudflare Fastly
https://www.lumina.mba Next.js Netlify
https://sribuu.id WordPress
https://venue.live WordPress Cloudflare
https://float.health Squarespace
https://suggestr.co Webflow Fastly
https://www.seis.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.joinoto.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.trueplacehomes.com CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.nowcircular.com Webflow Fastly
https://withbloom.com ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.aeoncharge.com Webflow Fastly
https://heptabase.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://curacel.co ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.teachwithkoala.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.worldql.com ? GitHub Pages Cloudflare Fastly
https://pyrls.com CRA Fastly
https://withrider.com WordPress Apache
https://elementary-data.com Wix
https://www.fleetzero.com Squarespace
https://mytingo.io ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://betterfinancial.xyz Webflow Fastly
https://cashmere.finance Webflow Fastly
https://take.app Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://tolahq.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.industrialnext.ai ? Nginx
https://strongcompute.com ? Apache
https://itsdart.com Webflow Fastly
https://trytoolchest.com Webflow Fastly
https://upbanx.com Nuxt.js Cloudflare
https://soteriskin.com Shopify Cloudflare
https://www.nyckel.com ?
https://www.nookrenovation.com ? Cloudflare
https://www.korrai.com Wix
https://stablegains.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.sarus.tech Webflow Fastly
https://flagright.com Next.js Netlify
https://www.moneytreepower.com Webflow Fastly
https://livehomeroom.com Squarespace
https://vendy.money WordPress Fastly
https://finku.id Wix
https://vimmerse.net Next.js
https://www.propelauth.com Webflow Fastly
https://ping.gg Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://letsgavel.com ? Express Nginx
https://www.botin.app ?
https://www.properfinance.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.enlightra.com ?
https://tumomento.com Webflow AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://nophin.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.legistify.com ? Cloudflare
https://syncware.ai Webflow Fastly
https://disczmusic.com Next.js Nginx
https://www.teamout.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.alixia.com ? Apache
https://demogorilla.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.lyggcorp.com ? Apache
https://www.oureye.ai ? Cloudflare
https://www.phasebiolabs.com Squarespace
https://www.unai.one Webflow Fastly
https://www.permitflow.com Webflow Fastly
https://magna.so Webflow Fastly
https://mosaicvoice.ai Webflow Fastly
https://usewinter.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://www.remilabs.xyz Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://peakflo.co WordPress Cloudflare
https://hellolunajoy.com Squarespace
https://darsel.tech Squarespace
https://www.radiusapp.id WordPress
https://www.kaagaz.app ?
https://helloguru.io Webflow Fastly
https://capture.so Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://book.shuttlecentral.com Nuxt.js Cloudflare
https://philippo.io WordPress Nginx
https://nearwave.co WordPress Nginx
https://www.gojabu.com WordPress
https://lifeat.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.vobi.com.br Webflow Fastly
https://finnt.com WordPress Cloudflare
https://pluto.markets ? Express AWS CloudFront
https://www.hoytrabajas.com ? Nginx
https://www.savein.money ?
https://www.snabfinance.com WordPress Nginx
https://www.vacationhomerents.com Next.js Nginx
https://www.digiventures.la ? Cloudflare
https://www.exofreight.com Wix
https://www.carboncrusher.io Webflow Fastly
https://ironleap.io Wix
https://getconvoy.io Nuxt.js Netlify Cloudflare
https://chaingrep.com Nuxt.js Netlify
https://getwantd.com Squarespace
https://www.lovecastapp.com Webflow Fastly
https://eto.ai Next.js AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://origamitherapeutics.com WordPress Apache
https://brownfoods.in ERROR fetch failed
https://arintra.com Next.js Fastly
https://www.andsonbiotech.com WordPress Nginx
https://lizzapp.com WordPress
https://www.rthm.com WordPress Nginx
https://www.touchandpay.me CRA Apache
https://fieldproxy.com ? Nginx
https://slai.io CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://spinach.io Webflow Fastly
https://engagebio.com Webflow Fastly
https://ankr.us WordPress Cloudflare
https://www.wishroll.co ? Heroku
https://www.hokali.co Next.js AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://tradexapp.co Wix
https://www.brainboard.co Webflow Cloudflare Fastly
https://www.getaklimate.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.pelm.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.corveusmedical.com Wix
https://dynamofl.com Webflow Fastly
https://humand.co ? AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://yunit.co Webflow Fastly
https://www.agaveapi.com ? GitHub Pages Fastly
https://www.spade.dev CRA Netlify
https://www.wagetap.com Gatsby AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://betteropinions.in ? Nginx
https://mysterious.io Webflow Fastly
https://cinapse.io Squarespace Cloudflare
https://trycoast.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.avocademy.com ? Cloudflare
https://getnashglobal.com ?
https://www.pantore.com.br Next.js Netlify Cloudflare
https://uberduck.ai Next.js Netlify
https://www.usenimbus.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.serifhealth.com CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://www.litebulb.io Webflow Fastly
https://myria.us ? Cloudflare
https://unravelcarbon.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://kable.io Webflow Fastly
https://www.moojimeats.com Webflow Fastly
https://pina.id Next.js Nginx
https://www.cerebrium.ai Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://www.glocally.de Wix
https://www.edustack.ai Wix
https://orca.fyi CRA Nginx
https://gimo.vn Webflow Cloudflare
https://www.kaso.ai Webflow Fastly
https://infrahq.com Next.js Cloudflare
https://eat.beu.chat Vue SSR Cloudflare
https://www.selia.co ? Fastly
https://credibook.com Next.js ▲ Vercel
https://winno.app CRA Express Heroku
https://alima.la CRA AWS S3 AWS CloudFront
https://iomete.com CRA
https://plumter.com Nuxt.js AWS CloudFront Cloudflare
https://syronahealth.com Gatsby Fastly
https://anjahealth.com ? Cloudflare
https://getagency.com ? Cloudflare
https://elphinstone.com.pk WordPress
https://www.sophyshealth.com CRA Netlify
https://payourse.com Webflow Fastly
https://palitronica.com Webflow Fastly
https://www.equipthealth.com Webflow Fastly
```
